Sleepover
It is night time.
Peppa is going to a sleepover
at Zoe zebra's house.
Hello, Zoe.
Hi, Peppa.
Welcome to my sleepover.
I'll pick you up in the morning.
Bye bye, Peppa.
Bye.
Rebecca, Suzy and Emily
are already here.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Peppa.
I've got my teddy,
hello, everyone.
Zoe has hertoy monkey.
Ou-ou...
Emily has her frog.
Rub-it...
Suzy has herowl.
Twit-twoo
And Rebecca has her carrot.
Carrot, carrot...
Mr. Zebra is watching television.
That's better.
I was watching that.
But it was a bit boring, daddy.
Daddy Zebra is
going to bed now.
He has to get up early
to deliverthe post.
Very well, Mummy Zebra.
Don't stay up too late.
Good night, Mummy.
Peppa and herfriends are
getting into theirsleeping bag.
Zoe's baby twin sisters Zuzu and Zaza
want to join the sleepover too.
But the sleepover
is only for big girls.
They are so sweet and little.
Can they stay?
Ok, but you must promise
you'll stay awake.
We promise.
Wow, a piano.
I am having lessons,
listen...
Twinkle twinkle little star,
can I have a go?
And me.
Twinkle twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are...
Shush, you must be quiet,
so Daddy Zebra can sleep.
Now into yoursleeping bags please.
What do we do now?
On sleepovers,
there. S always a midnight feast.
What's a midnight feast?
We eat things in secret.
Woo, I know where's the food,
but we must be very quiet.
Shhh, Suzy, Shhh,
Peppa. Quiet...
Mummy Zebra has woken up.
We are going to have
the best midnight feast ever.
What's going on?
You'll wake Daddy Zebra.
Now who knows a nice
gentle bedtime story.
Me, and me...
I'll start. Once upon a time,
there was a little fairy,
now yourturn Peppa,
And she lived in the forest.
She was very pretty.
And she had a fairy wand.
Lovely.
Your turn, Emily,
tell us what happens next.
Well, I am not very sure.
Just say anything, Emily.
As long as it isn't boring.
Ok, the little fairy met
a big monster, who went...?
Gee, Too scary.
What's all these noise?
Oh, dear, the noise
has woken up Mr. Zebra.
Sorry, daddy,
there was a story about a fairy.
And a scary monster.
And we want to know
what happens next.
Very well.
The monster lifted up
his big hairy paws...
and walked along
on his big hairy feet.
Wow.
And he said
twinkle, twinkle little star,
how I wonder what you are.
Mr. Zebra's song has
sent everyone to sleep.